add new solutions section (#2310)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/solutions/platform-engineering/platform-engineering-overview.md

* **Lack of Standardization**: Without defined paths, each team adopts different tools and configurations, leading to a fragmented architecture that is difficult to maintain and govern.
* **Slow Onboarding Processes**: New developers take weeks to become productive as they navigate scattered documentation and complex setups.
* **Governance and Security Risks**: The lack of centralized control exposes the company to risks, with insecure configurations or unregulated access that can compromise the entire infrastructure.
* **Operational Bottlenecks**: Development teams depend on operations (Ops) teams for provisioning resources like databases or test environments, creating long waits.

## The Mia-Platform Solution: Your Platform as a Product

**Mia-Platform Console** is the Platform Builder that enables Platform Engineering teams to build and manage a robust, secure, and customized IDP. The Console transforms the infrastructure from a complex set of tools into a coherent, self-service product.

### Centralize and Standardize with the Software Catalog

> The **Software Catalog** is the heart of standardization. Platform teams can create and distribute reusable components such as **Templates**, **Plugins**, and **Infrastructure Components**. This ensures that every new microservice or resource starts from a solid, approved foundation, following corporate "golden paths."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Software Catalog** is the heart of standardization. Platform teams can create and distribute reusable resources such as **Templates**, **Plugins**, and **Infrastructure Components**. This ensures that every new microservice or resource starts from a solid, approved foundation, following opinionated "golden paths."
```
